[17.0][MIG] partner_category_description: Migration to 17.0 (#2011)
OCA/partner-contact: partner_category_description/readme/USAGE.md

> 1. Create a Tag: Navigate to CRM > Tags and click on "Create" to add a new tag.

Reviewer: This is now misleading. You don't need CRM app anymore in order to see the feature in action.
```suggestion
1. Create a Tag: Navigate to Contacts > Configuration > Contact Tags and click on "Create" to add a new tag.
```
